Where is this?
Hey, miss, Mr. Lu brought you back
You've been unconscious for three days.
Who agreed to cut off the drug?
Wait for me to come over now miss
Hey.
Xixi
You are finally here.
Stop the drug yourself
Didn't you just force me to come?
Is your life so worthless?
Xixi mother
I didn't mean to embarrass you
I don't want to hear that.
I just wanted to see it.
How far can you go?
Since you developed kidney disease
I haven't had a good day.
I dream about it
Work hard to make money to cure you
I work four jobs a day for what?
I'm just for your high surgery fee.
I dream of you being alive
I would even give you my kidney
I thought you were my whole world
I thought
You are my only relative in the world
Sorry, it's all my fault.
My fault, your apology, I don't accept it.